Meigu AI quantification analysis tool Hello everyone, we are Meigu Investment
Network Drive your trading decisions with big data Next Monday, the world's
most important AI circle A meeting is about to begin March 16th to 19th NVIDIA
will hold DTC 2026 in San Jose, California But this time If you are still just
staring at Huang Renxun Will you release a stronger GPU?
Then you may be looking in the wrong direction Because for the capital market
There are not many time windows left for re-pricing In the eyes of the world,
the real weight of this conference It's not how much the graphics card
parameters have improved The real point is Can NVIDIA take advantage of these
four days Complete an identity leap From a hardware company that sells chips
Officially transformed into a Platform company that defines AI infrastructure
rules From the latest front-end report of major investment banks The focus of
the market now is Will NVIDIA strengthen these key things on GTC?
Analysis of workload analysis The cost of tokens and ROI The importance of
network interconnection And the next generation of private pricing What does
this mean?
This means from next Monday to next Thursday The market sees it as a technical
conference on the surface In fact, the transaction may be The mainstay of the
next stage of AI Meigu in 2026 If NVIDIA can figure out this new trend So what
's next to be re-priced It's not just NVIDIA's own stock price The value
allocation logic of the entire AI industry order Structural changes may occur
Where will the money come from?
Which module will be crazily swallowed?
Which companies may be abandoned due to logical correctness?
If you want to see the real trend of next week's funds You must watch this
video patiently until the end What is the core message that NVIDIA wants to
convey to GTC this time?
In short GTC is not here to show new products But to redefine the game rules of
the entire AI technology infrastructure In the past few years The market's
understanding of NVIDIA is very simple Who has the strongest chip computing
power Who is the king of the AI field But the latest report from Riyin brought
an important signal The era of single processor-driven performance is coming to
an end Starting with GTC this time What NVIDIA wants to do Is to shift the
focus from single chip to system optimization To put it simply In the past,
everyone was competing for whose engine was stronger Now NVIDIA wants to tell
you The real competitiveness is not just the horsepower of the engine But the
system coordination of the entire car The goal of GTC is no longer how fast a
single GPU is But how to design the chip, network, memory, software, etc.
through the limit system Integrated into a high-efficiency, standardized AI
factory This actually reflects a fundamental change Everyone is no longer just
concerned about the quality of computing But pay attention to whether the
system can land on a large scale Can you calculate the return rate of power
consumption and cost?
It's like you're no longer just concerned about how powerful the engine is Also
look at the fuel consumption, maintenance costs, and the economic benefits it
brings NVIDIA is using system-level coordination design Pack the chip, network,
memory, and software into a complete solution Make the entire AI system more
efficient and sustainable Now that we're in the age of systems The next
question is What does NVIDIA rely on to support its system-level control?
In Riyin's report, the biggest expected difference is workload division These
words mean that the task of the AI system is no longer dependent on a full-fled
ged warrior But to carry out workload division according to the needs of
different tasks In the past, the understanding of AI hardware was very simple
The larger the model, the stronger the GPU But everyone missed a key detail AI
has different needs for different tasks For example, training large models
requires brute force And reasoning pays more attention to reaction speed Some
scenarios require high load And some scenarios require extreme delay If you use
the strongest and most expensive GPU to do all the tasks It's like a super car
going to the city to deliver takeout Although the speed of the car is fast, the
efficiency is not high, and the cost is also high Riyin's report mentions NVID
IA is transitioning from single-chip performance to system-level cost-effect
iveness Huarenxin re-arranges the calculation, network, and memory by dividing
and limiting system design Distribute the most appropriate resources to each
task To optimize the entire system Many people may ask If you take apart the
original large-unit GPU task Isn't it weakening your own support box?
On the contrary This is actually strengthening NVIDIA's absolute control Once
the AI system becomes E-compatible The task starts to be divided The structure
becomes complicated Who decides the allocation of tasks Who manages how the
data flows Who has the right to allocate tasks Who can lead the profits of the
AI era NVIDIA's current actions In fact, it is a deep layout towards software
war and system stack Release a signal Once Wall Street accepts the logic of
work load splitting The solid model that was staring at the GPU output will be
overturned If you think this video is helpful to you As usual, like it first
and then collect it Can help at critical moments US hotline 626-378-3637 Since
the workload has been dismantled The task is no longer a single chip Then the
next question is very realistic When the chip is strong enough What's the first
thing that gets stuck in your neck?
RIM gave the answer in the report Network and Internet The logic is actually
very simple In the past, we were staring at the GPU Is this engine fierce?
But when the AI entered the era of thousands of thousands of chips The real
decision-making efficiency is no longer how fast a single card runs But the
speed and delay of data transfer In a word, the GPU decides the top line And
the network and the Internet decide Can you reach that top line This is like
you built a top factory The equipment is the best in the world But if the
transmission belt is too slow The door is too narrow You have no top equipment
The output still can't go up Now the AI infrastructure is facing this kind of
factory traffic jam In fact, this trend from computing power to the Internet We
are not unfamiliar with the old friends of the US stock market We have already
reminded When computing power reaches its peak Investment in network
infrastructure Is the most likely opportunity for a long-term return From the
beginning of the year to the present The light power conversion track we have
set up in advance has exploded We are in the early year of 2026 Deep research
and promotion of GLW This Tuesday has reached $139.
36 64% increase In the video, the core opportunity of the US stock AI is not in
the GPU But in the light power industry chain We specifically named LITE and CO
HR 23% to 26% increase so far At the end of January We also reminded friends of
the VIP community Accurately layout Marvel for $8 billion 22% increase directly
after the financial report If you miss GLW The next big company ready to
explode AI potential We have invested more than 100 hours in research Only
privately share with VIP community There are not so many free lunches on the
market The real value behind the information is time Investment of experience
and cost Back to the point Huang Renxun is now crazy about strengthening the
network trend It's because he saw one thing Control the network is to control
the transfer of the entire system Once you use the communication protocol of
the US party Your future expansion and migration costs It's all in his ecology
This also explains why Wall Street is now looking Has passed through the GPU
Directly staring at the lowest level of light-protection and light-return
technology The report also specifically mentioned a detail This year's GDG and
the Global Light Communication Conference Almost the same time This is not a
coincidence The focus of Wall Street now is 1.
6T light module can run Whether the light-return technology is mature If the
reason for the workload split is to promote the re-purchase of the AI system
Then the network and the Internet have decided This re-purchase will first
release wealth opportunities in which areas Once the market accepts this logic
It's not just the GPU that will be re-priced More attention will be focused on
those Decide the speed of data flow Exchanger, light module and Internet
technology If the network solves the problem of how the data goes Then the last
fortress of AI infrastructure The only thing left is where the data is and how
to get it Ryan said Because the party is using a similar block architecture Use
a piece of SWAM to achieve ultra-low delay reasoning Does this mean that HBM's
end is near?
After all, in the public's intuition New technology appears often accompanied
by the elimination of old technology When Huang Runxun is equipped with this
kind of fast workstation for a specific task Investors are instinctively
worried Will this cut away the biggest cake of HBM?
However, this is not the case Huang Runxun's worries happened to misread the
real intention of the party Using abandonment will find that this is not a
battle of death But a detailed work load analysis SWAM is fast, fast to almost
zero delay But it is limited to the chip area The capacity of the ceiling board
is extremely low It is impossible to carry the training of a simple parameter
model And large-scale general reasoning This is like your desk in your hand No
matter how smooth it is, it can't fit the entire library And HBM is slightly
ahead in terms of delay But it is the only big animal that maintains the scale
of the AI system Without it, the big model can't even run Therefore, because
its strategy is not two-to-one But an extreme integration of each The most
expensive and fastest SWAM Used for extremely sensitive special reasoning of
delay Create extreme experience At the same time, the large-scale training of
time and energy Continue to upgrade HBM's workstation The ultimate purpose of
this structural design Is to solve the biggest pain of AI loading How to
maintain performance Lower the cost of computing This naturally led to this GTC
The mathematical problem that Huang Renxun most wanted to talk about Debit
economics The biggest doubt of Huang Renxun about AI It's always the uncertain
return on capital Customers will ask I spent 5 million dollars to buy hardware
How much money can I make What Huang Renxun brought this time Not just a hardw
are list But a money-making plan that has been carefully calculated He may show
through How to use SWAM and HBM's mixed architecture Accurately classify
different types of computing tasks To prove that in the Blackwell or RuPing
system Every token generated Its overall cost is greatly reduced And the
commercial value is significantly improved This set of logic directly points to
a Financial facts severely underestimated by the market Ring gave a preliminary
report Proud of this system-level efficiency optimization It is estimated that
Iwata's 2028 financial year The interest rate will reach $15 per share
According to the current stock price calculation This means that Iwata's long-
term profitability is only 12 times Think about it In a trillion-scale track The
core owner's profitability is only 12 times This is extremely attractive from a
financial point of view But it also exposed a huge expectation gap The market
is still using the traditional hardware manufacturer's vision Price for Iwata
But not fully aware of it As a system definition of profitability When we
connect the interconnectedness of the technical structure Connected to the
commercial model The final path becomes unusually clear SWIM is the emotional
point that makes the market excited Responsible for solving the speed anxiety H
BM is the real source of constant profits Responsible for locking the long-term
scale And Tokenomics is the bridge that connects the two worlds It uses real R&
I data Eliminated Wall Street's concerns about AI bubbles Ring's data proves
this Although SWIM's concept is hot But HBM's revenue forecast for U.
S.
light and other manufacturers It soared to $2.
7 billion in 2028 And the short-term expectation lasted for several years This
shows that in the mainstream capital world SWIM did not kick HBM out of the
profitability model Instead, HBM was further solidified through the layer-by-
layer structure As the main core position At the end of the day, this game about
memory technology In fact, it is a foreshadowing of Iwata's re-purchase of the
AI value chain By introducing SWIM to solve the delay pain point Convince
customers to buy through Tokenomics And recalculate the story logic Locked long
-term profits through HBM Iwata successfully The original simple hardware trade
Evolved into a system where the AI is indispensable No matter how the future
reasoning scene changes As long as this set of SWIM proposes HBM expansion T
okenomics account The integration structure becomes an industry standard So no
matter where the technical wind blows The biggest winner is always the
established rules of the banker For investors Now Iwata is no longer a company
that sells graphics cards But a company that has the basic set of AI-generated
asset rights Since the workload analysis and memory layer-by-layer has been
established The last question for investors is What should I do with Iwata's
next-generation product route map?
Many people are confused by the codenames of Kyber, Rubin Ultra, and Famon They
think they are just stronger GPUs But if you only look at the chip You miss the
real strategic layout of Iwata In the past, the market valued single-card
computing But in the next stage The deciding factor is how much computing
bandwidth and memory can a machine hold How to deal with power consumption,
heat dissipation, and interconnection at the same time The most important thing
about Rubin Ultra is not the word Ultra It represents Iwata's push for the
system density to the limit Four major dimensions are increased at the same
time Forcing competitors to catch up on systems and capabilities Form a deep
support for Iwata In the end, Iwata is no longer simply releasing new products
It is pushing for standardization, systemization, and platformization of
infrastructure Investors understand Iwata's stubborn logic Turning from buying
the best chip to buying the only AI system The investment opportunities of the
industry chain will also be exported to Network architecture, light Internet,
CPU, and other areas Okay, that's it for today's video What do you think of Iw
ata's GTG conference?
Which key industry chains and companies do you think will explode?
Welcome to leave a comment in the comment section If you think our video is
good, remember to like, follow, and forward Thank you for watching and see you
next time